# BombSquad-Server
### This branch is for the file for BombSquad game's server to be created on Linux.

## Info
This branch of this repository contains the my modded files to create a BombSquad game's servers on linux Ubuntu distributions.

The files are updated regularly after every new release of the original BombSquad dedicated server for linux files by Mr. Eric Froemling.

## Installation
#### IMPORTANT: Before downloading my server files make sure you have the right version of python installed on your system
### Setting up
To use my modded BombSquad server scripts on linux, just download the latest release of this repository targeted to this branch.
Then extract the downloaded archive of the files into a folder, let's name that folder to `43201` in this example.
Do your necessary server config edits in the `bombsquad_server`, then open `data/scripts/mystats.py` and change all names and locations to the one which you prefer (bot_file is the file generated by the mystats.py to be read by my discord bot and make stats available to get in discord channels, you can turn it on or off in `data/scripts/settings.py`), then open `data/scripts/settings.py` and turn on or off any custom setting option; you may also do other edits you want, but at your risk.

(IMPORTANT) Cut and paste the files in the `html` folder to your web server root directory which you will use for your stats site to show, else the stats site won't work as expected.

### Launching
After you are ready to launch the server, cd into the directory using cd command, in this example: `cd 43201`; then:

If using for the first time, type the following commands:
- `chmod 777 bs_headless`
- `chmod 777 bombsquad_server`
- `chmod 777 config.py`

Else or after using those three commands, use the following two commands:
  1) `tmux`
  2) `./bombsquad_server`

And done, your server will be online and available to join, if you encounter any problem, you may create an issue in this repository.

### Youtube video for the installation is coming soon.

## Important things to keep in mind:
- If you want a custom playlist then make and export the playlist only from the latest BombSquad game version
- Do not add any other map in the playlist which is not present in the server files.
- Also, please try not to include all same games in a playlist at least use two different games in a playlist.

## New Features
- Terminal Commands (Full server configuration's and players' control in shortcut with just using the command line terminal)
- Owners, co-leaders, admins, etc
- Any player can get his/her stats just by sending `/stats` in the server chat
- Special prefixes for top 5 scorers
- 3D flying maps, also 3D flying powerup for non 3D fly maps
- Many new custom characters available for everyone with the my characters mod
- More powerups
- New minigames
- Names on powerups
- Shield of powerups
- Disco lights on powerups
- A cool totally static and fully customizable stats site generator with the ability to chose number of rows to show and search players in the table in the stats site, also a .json file to be read by my discord bot which you can use in discord channels to get your server's players stats
- Notification when any player joins or leaves
- All options can be turned on or off in `data/scripts/settings.py`

## Error
If you find any type of bug, or error in the files and you are sure that is not due to any of your edits, then you may create a issue in this repository, I will look on the issue and will try to fix it.

## Contributing
#### Want to contribute? :tada:
Every users interested in contributing to this repository and the files are most welcome, I welcome good and relevant contributions but reject the most un-needed ones. If you want to contribute then you may submit your idea through a feature request issue or open a pull request with your added new feature.

## License
This project is under `GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Version 2`, check [every details about the license]( https://github.com/I-Am-The-Great/BombSquad-Server/blob/master/LICENSE).
